Norway is a beautiful country located in northern-central Europe that is rich with natural beauty. It boasts deep coastal fjords, vast encompassing mountains, and glaciers. It was voted the best place to travel to by Lonely Planet, and is consistently one of the top voted places to travel to in many other magazines as well. Though it is located pretty far north, Norway boasts a climate with mild winters and cool summers, warmer than it would assume to be based on looking at it on a map. Norway is an amazing place to travel, whether you are someone looking for amazing natural landscapes, beautiful cities, rich cultures, there is something for everyone in Norway.

Population: 5,425,270

Capital City: Oslo

Currency Exchange: 1 USD equals 10.35 Norwegian Krone

Places to Visit: Norway is full of amazing places to visit, from breathtaking fjords to bustling cities. Oslo, the capital, is one of the main places to visit. While being a beautiful city, it is surrounding by forest and fjords and is the perfect combo of city and nature. Another place to visit is Lofoten and Nordland. Here you can see the stunning northern lights and it has mountain peaks and fjords as well.

For more info on places to travel, visit Norway's official travel website: https://www.visitnorway.com/places-to-go/top-10-places-in-norway/

Transportation Info: Europe is known for it's great public transportation system. There are buses and trains readily available to take you almost anywhere in Norway. There are ferries where you can see the stunning beauty of Norway as you travel over the water.

For more info, visit Norway's official transportation website: https://www.visitnorway.com/plan-your-trip/getting-around/

Hotels: There are a multitude of different housing options in Norway as it is one of the premier travel destinations in the world. Nowadays, AirBnB is a very popular way for people to find housing other than hotels. Norway's official website also contains guides to hotels along with living in some of their rarer locations such as the famous iee hotel.

Hotel information can be found on Norway's official website here: https://www.visitnorway.com/hotels-more/hotels/
